I, for one, like Roman Numerals
We used to have empires run by emperors and kingdoms run by kings... Now we have countries.
Statistics are like bikinis....What they reveal is suggestive, but what they conceal is vital.
I can't believe my dog's never done it human-style.
Do the French write "Please Reply" on their invitations?
Babies are like opinions, nobody wants to hear yours.
I gave my girlfriend a bouquet of flowers but her angry father deflowered her.
If you've never left the store carrying your screaming kid surfboard style, you're not really parenting.
Universal remotes are false advertising.
I have a chicken proof lawn...It's impeccable.
My 'son' recently came out as a transexual. so, we did the only reasonable thing we could. We abandoned him.
Listen. I have nothing to say.
Dim light bulbs or bright light bulbs, Watts the difference?
I just found out that cock fighting is done with chickens, and that I just wasted 10 months of my life training.
Erasers are slowly sacrificing their lives for your mistakes.
Before sex, Vikings had to agree on their safe Fijord.
My kid just coloured in the top of my arm. Guess she was looking for a shoulder to crayon.
When I mentioned to my wife of 20 years that she hadn't said I love you to me, for a while, she said I told you the day we got married that I love you and I will let you know if anything changes.
Alcohol IS a solution.
I've just received an acceptance letter from the World Taekwondo Federation. WTF!
Life’s a bitch, so if it’s easy you’re doing it wrong.
America
I think my girlfriend wants out of our relationship. She keeps saying things like "please untie me" and "I won't say anything. I swear!"
Composers are unsung heroes of the music world.
It's only responsible to predate someone before dating them.
They really love me in the Mycology department cause I'm a fungi.
Sitting down goes against everything I stand for.
I got a job at Comcast and completed training so I could fix my own cable because it was faster than being on hold with customer service.
I am Thor... But you should thee the other guy
I used to think that Taco Bell was Tinkerbell's fat cousin.
I lost my job as a stage manager...I left without making a scene.
Did you know if you hold your ear up to a stranger’s leg, you can actually hear them say, “What the hell are you doing?”
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind, but no eye for an eye makes you blind and defenseless.
I bought a bag of rocket salad today, it went off before I could eat it.
The downside of being a bomb disposal technician is that it takes 6 hours to open Christmas gifts.
I ordered a brass but unfortunately a copper showed up at my front door
Police were called to a daycare when a 3 year old was resisting a rest.
My doctor prescribed me a nasal steroid and now everything has a strong smell.
I just watched a video on "how to give the most intense foreplay"...it was a good watch, but I had to fast-forward through all the boring shit at the start
I’m not sure why people are so worried that we might create self aware robots. We barely have any self aware humans.
If anyone sees me walking down the street with a 9 ft book......it's a long story.
I think every quilt is better than every duvet but maybe that’s just a blanket statement.
I stayed in the basement while the storm passed through, so I was a little under the weather.
Halloween really is the perfect time to get rid of all those Taco Bell hot sauce packets.
I don’t trust rugs, because they always lie.
To be environmentally friendly I decided to use lettuce instead of toilet paper and today was just the tip of the iceberg.
My communist friend bought a sand-clock, or as he likes to call it, an ‘our-glass’.
It costs you nothing to be nice and that's why economists say it's worthless
The chick at this circus just swallowed a sword and I saw a guy elbow his woman like “see?...”
Slumber
For a song about the piano man, the harmonica man won't shut up.
One of my biggest fears is that I'll marry into a family that does 5ks on holidays.
My first day as a personal trainer and an alcoholic wants a six pack... I'm confused!!
Each time a schedule is released, that’s agenda reveal.
If anyone wants to sponsor me, Im doing a 0.00005k run....to raise awareness of laziness.
I want to now be happy about what I did last week but next week not be happy about what I do now.
It's handy to have a man with a van, it's even handier to have a woman with an oven.
My grandma is 96 years old and still doesn't use glasses...She drinks straight from the bottle.
When he rose from his chair to shake my hand, I knew he was a stand-up kind of guy.
I was so lost at sea that I couldn't even find the water as I kept looking around for it from my easy chair in my living room while lazily watching tv
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana!
Germane Greer never gets as angry as her sister....Anne.
As a youngster I was advised, "to avoid hangovers, don't mix your drinks," so ever since I have been drinking scotch neat.
I’d tell you a caveman joke but you’d have to be stoned.
Has anyone else noticed that all the lines on the LGBTQ flag are all straight until someone blows them?
A will is a dead giveaway.
Ladies, never argue with a man who drinks Bud Light. Rather talk to him woman to woman.
I just came to the realization that I’ve got this weird fetish for figuring things out.
Because of Corona, for the first time since 1945, the national Spelling Bee has been canciled, canseled, canculled......called off.
"You look good enough to eat" would probably seem less flattering coming from Jeffrey Dahmer.
You're more likely to die in a horrible accident than in a wonderful accident.
The UK's lockdown policy- it was bound to end in tiers.
The actors performed on a stage that was covered in letters, so I guess it was a play on words.
"Poetry does not boost sales", according to an adverse report.
The guy that discovered Milk.... What exactly was he doing?
I read you like a book.. a comic book.
When I something terrible happened I always say it’s bull, the china shop was probably not the best place to say that.
A tyre knocked on the door of another tyre and asked, "Is Mitchell in?"
When a short person waves at you, is it considered a microwave?
Write your ex's name backwards... Mine is Tnuc.
Women have the strange ability to get wet without water, bleed without injury and make boneless things hard.
Doesn't matter how long I cook a steak it will always end up meaty yum.
I thought it was strange when my client asked for a short back and sides with a number two on top, it was all going well until I shit on his head.
Women are like a magazine, a new issue every week.
My imaginary friend never keeps it real with me.
I snorted coke once. Hurt like hell getting the ice cube stuck in my nose.
Men and women are dying from the Coronavirus in greater numbers than all the other genders combined.
There are 2 types of people in this world, those that can extrapolate from incomplete data and
I used to know a talking horse, unfortunately he was a real naysayer.
"I'm this ugly because of you guys" is very important when arguing with your parents.
I tried to shoplift a strap on dildo but the security guard had me pegged immediately.
I've been ill since having a Chinese meal last night. I knew it was Coronavirus, straight off the Bat.
High alcohol taxes really put a damper on the spirit
When it comes right down to it, dudes who can auto-fellate really have their heads together.
An apple pie without cheese is like a hug without a squeeze!
How does herpes leave the hospital? On crotches.
my dream job is to work on a factory conveyor belt that brings me to the cashier who asks why I am trying to buy a dog at the hardware store that suddenly becomes my bathroom full of broken porcelain - then I have to pee.
I've been told that I shouldn't flip over tables every time things don't go the way I want; that it's not appropriate behavior for a surgeon.
If anyone tells you that they have lost their voice, is lying.
How do you expose your dirty business without exposing yourself? Take the covers and run
